You okay?
I woke up and you weren't in bed. so I
just got a feeling something happened.
What are you doing? Why
are you going through her stuff?
I've been by your side this entire time.
Look. that's not what you think it is.
I thought that she hurt you.
Look. you don't
understand what happened.
You made me tell you about her affair even
though you already knew it was happening.
Listen. I can explain. okay.
Did you kill her?
Did you kill Nancy?
- How could you ask me that?
- How can I make sense of this?
What am I supposed to think?
Eleanor. I did not kill my wife.
You did something.
You apologized for something.
- Why did you make her so scared?
- Yeah. we had a fight.
- Did you hit her?
- No.
God. we had sex. Was that just revenge?
Nancy wronged you. and
so you had to have payback?
No. no.
- Why? I don't understand. Why did you...
- stop!
Stop.
Shit.
We'd just gotten home.
It was the opening night of ariadne.
Nancy was in the shower. I think.
She left her phone on the
nightstand. and it started buzzing.
I wasn't in the habit
of checking her phone.
but it just kept buzzing. so I looked and…
A text came in with a
picture of her naked.
So. I tried calling the number
back. but it was blocked.
And then. when I confronted
her about it. she just admitted it.
I got so fucking angry.
I yelled. I broke things.
I'm not proud of how I reacted.
But I never put a hand on her.
I swear. I'd kill myself
before I'd hurt Nancy.
Do you know who David is?
No. I begged her to
tell me. but she refused.
You know. even at the
lowest point of our marriage.
she still managed to keep her secrets.
It doesn't make it okay for you to lie.
She was gonna see him that night…
End it. she said.
Did she ask you to go with her?
No. she wanted to take
care of it herself. and I…
I let her.
That's why I lied.
I couldn't tell you or the police that I
knew about the affair and did nothing.
You know. I might as
well just turn myself in.
Nobody's gonna believe that.
But the worst part was knowing
that I could've done
something to save her.
but I didn't.
You know how that feels?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Have the police seen this journal?
They returned it and
said it wasn't helpful.
It was filled with cryptic
poems and odd drawings.
What are you going to do with the letter?
I'm not sure yet.
I have to go.
- Wait. Where? Why?
- I have an awards thing at work.
- But we drove together.
- I will just call a car.
- Don't go. Please.
- Robert.
What we did… I know.
We crossed a line.
No. We more than crossed a line.
We shattered the line.
There is no more line.
It's not like we planned it.
It just happened.
You think I'm awful?
No. I don't.
If you don't believe me. who will?
I'm a lot of things.
I'm not a monster.
Drip coffee and a white
chocolate mocha for Eleanor.
Me. That's me.
Thank you.
Pasadena police have set up a tip
line and are asking for the public's help
with any information connected to
their ongoing murder investigation
of local wife and mother
Nancy hennessey.
- Her body was found on April 9th…
- it's just horrible.
Feels like laci Peterson all over again.
- You think the husband did it?
- All I know
- is it's always someone close.
- Police advise everyone
- to be extra careful.
- Robert really is a piece of work.
I can't believe he said this was useless.
I mean. look at this.
It's a gift.
We get to walk around inside the
beautiful imagination of our friend.
It was unhelpful.
What's unhelpful?
It was unhelpful. not useless.
And it wasn't Robert. it
was the cops that said it.
Okay.
You know. what davide said. I
was really scared that he was right.
That we didn't know everything
there was to know about her.
Look at these memories.
Ellie.
she was our person.
I just don't understand why she
felt she had to keep secrets from us.
Do you mind if I hold on to this?
No. I mean it's…
It's not for me to give permission.
It's hers.
I need to get to the office.
But for the awards dinner tonight. I made
sure that you and Howard are at my table.
- I'm just gonna come solo.
- Okay. More champagne for you and me.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. See you then.
I'll see you later.
- Ellie.
- Yeah?
- I… sorry.
- Hey.
No. no. It's okay. It's okay.
I hear you're doing a great job in there.
I mean. I mostly just staple papers.
but it beats bagging groceries at ralphs.
There's nothing wrong
with bagging groceries.
That's 'cause you've never done it.
How do you know?
- Hey. could you sign off on my paperwork?
- Yeah.
My case worker needs a
signature from a supervisor.
Absolutely. Everything
okay with your parents?
- Yeah. Think so.
- Yeah?
I don't know. I try to
just stay out of their way.
Why? Did you tell my
mom what happened?
- 'Cause. if she found out. she'd...
- no. No. Marcus.
I haven't said anything. I'm not going to.
We have an agreement. okay?
But you have got to let go
of what happened that night.
Just try to get it out of your head.
Okay.
Enough! Enough!
Enough. Please stop. stop.
Please. you know I am not good at that.
Look. this recognition is really just a
reflection of all of your hard work. okay?
So. if you're gonna celebrate.
celebrate yourselves.
Okay.
Just give me one second.
You're late.
- This is not my idea.
- I know you don't like this.
- but it's good for the organization.
- If you say so.
- Hi.
- Eleanor. this is Andrew.
He's from legacy magazine.
Andrew. this is Eleanor bouchet.
- Ms. Bouchet. it's a pleasure.
- No. the pleasure's mine.
If it's okay with you. I'd love to get started
with some photos of you.
with the staff. around the office.
Okay. Lead the way.
Great.
- Right over here at the camera.
- Okay.
Then maybe one looking out the window.
- Hey.
- I didn't hear from you all weekend.
I thought we were supposed to hang out.
Yeah. I was planning this birthday party.
Look. El. I'm getting
real tired of the excuses.
Like. either you want me. or you don't.
Really?
Are you kidding me?
Today of all days.
We have a journalist in the office.
It's not like you're giving me much option.
- We should stop seeing each other.
- What do you mean?
I think we need to keep things
more professional from now on.
I don't get a say?
Not really.
Back here is my office.
Where do you want me?
Yeah. your chair is fine.
Okay.
I was sorry to read about your friend.
Just brutal stuff.
I really hope the police find who did it.
I'm sorry. You were
friends with her. right?
Nancy hennessey? I…
I'm sorry. I thought I read
that you two knew each other...
no. we did. I just…
I would really prefer if we
could focus on why you're here.
Yeah. of course. No problem.
Let's talk about 2012.
You founded this in 2012.
Take me through the year.
Please join me in
recognizing legacy magazine's
2026 global influence award
recipient. Eleanor bouchet.
Thank you.
- Well deserved.
- Wow.
- Could I ask you to hold it?
- Yes. of course.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Thank you to legacy magazine.
I'm so grateful. I… I am in
a room full of my heroes.
which makes this recognition
incredibly humbling.
I'm in awe of so many of
you. and how your work
really came out of necessity.
Sometimes I struggle with whether I'm
the right person to be doing this work.
I am not perfect.
None of us are. really.
But we're willing. right?
I'm willing to try.
To show up.
Even when I feel like a fraud.
even when I feel like a monster.
I am willing to give myself over
completely to something good.
To…
To the greater good.
And I think that's why
we're all here. right?
Because we want to be
part of the greater good.
So. thank you. Thank you for this honor.
I'm so grateful to be here
with you. for us to be together.
Thank you.
Bye.
You did not have to stay.
Marcus is babysitting.
I'm not rushing home.
Can I have one of these?
I wanna show you something I found
- in Nancy's notebook.
- No. mare.
- Please. Ellie. just look at it.
- This is not the place.
Look at him.
Look at his eyes. the
way that she drew them.
It's haunting. Clearly this is
someone who terrified her.
And the only person that I know who
scared Nancy that much was Scott.
What?
He looks like the guy in the church.
At the funeral.
Ellie. we have to take this to the police.
- No. No. And say what?
- Yes.
That we have a sketch of somebody
who may or may not be Nancy's stepfather.
who may or may not
have been at the funeral?
At least it is something.
Otherwise we have nothing. Ellie.
We have nothing.
There she is. the woman of the hour.
- Hey.
- Hope I'm not interrupting.
Donovan. hi!
You look incredible.
I know my man Howard has no
idea what to do with all that. My god.
Will you stop flirting?
- I can't.
- How's Amanda?
Enjoying my alimony.
I'm sorry.
I'm not.
I have to take this.
You should be so proud.
Your sister is a rock star.
She came out of the womb that way.
The invitation said 6:00.
My meetings ran long.
This is nice.
Was there a speech?
Did you cry? Did Mary?
You both cried. didn't you?
Do you know how annoying you are?
You hear from mom?
Yeah. I got an appropriately
succinct congratulatory text.
That is the perfect way
to describe her love.
Appropriately succinct.
What's going on with you?
For somebody who just received a
big award. you don't seem thrilled.
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
Wow. I was not expecting that.
- Champagne?
- Thank you.
All night. everybody has been
telling me how amazing I am.
How brave and selfless…
I feel like they're talking
about somebody else.
I think you're being a little melodramatic.
I mean. come on. e. You're
the patron Saint of patron saints.
It's kinda your whole vibe.
Look at where we are right now.
What are you talking about?
Wait. you can't leave. I just got here.
The invitation said 6:00.
Are you okay?
Did something happen?
No. I'm good.
I'm better than good.
I'm… I'm a Saint. right?
I'll call you tomorrow.
Hey. it's me.
You're right not to pick up.
Wouldn't wanna talk to me
either. not after last night.
But. as it turns out. you're
the only person I wanna talk to.
I'm sorry I lied. and I
hope you can forgive me.
Been so hard on Nancy
for keeping her secrets. and…
Here I go doing exactly the same thing.
I regret not telling you the truth. but I
don't regret what happened between us.
Last night was the first time since Nancy
died that I've felt anything besides pain.
I know you felt it too.
I was driving home…
And I just kept driving.
Do you ever get on
your dad's boat anymore?
No. not in a few years.
Donovan has it now.
That's too bad.
She was a beauty.
Donovan.
Did I ever tell you I won an
underwater breath hold contest
when I was in sixth grade?
No.
That's very impressive.
It was very impressive. Two
minutes and forty-seven seconds.
- Wow.
- Yep.
Are you challenging me?
Truth or dare?
How old are we?
- Truth.
- That's the wrong answer.
- No. no. no. no. No. no!
- Come on.
- I'm sorry.
- You know you're not.
You needed a little push.
- Really? Like this one?
- You needed a…
Dad?
Ellie? What's going on?
What are you doing here?
You're supposed to be in school.
We sorta left.
I thought it'd be cool
to go on a grief journey.
Is that alcohol?
Barely.
You're having sex with my dad?
Cora. No. that's…
Not what this is. Eleanor came up
to help me with your mother's things.
You guys did that yesterday.
We did. yeah. and it
was very hard for me.
So many memories. so I had
to stop and Eleanor slept over.
There's nothing going on here.
Nothing. nothing.
And then today. we
continued with the boxes.
and it was still very difficult.
Needed to unwind. you know?
We… we miss your mother so much.
It's not an excuse.
We're the adults. and
we should act like that.
Cora. I'm sorry. This is so inappropriate.
And so is drinking alcohol
and skipping school. Okay?
You girls'll spend the night.
and then we'll head back to school
first thing in the morning. Okay?
My god.
- She hates me.
- No. she doesn't.
She does. did you see
the look in her eyes?
I've never lied to her.
I don't think she believed any of it.
No. she's fine.
She's a hennessey.
What does that mean?
In my family. you don't ask questions.
You take what you're told as gospel.
no matter the evidence to the contrary.
It's in her DNA.
She's not all hennessey.
She's got some Nancy in her.
Yeah.
That felt very dangerous.
Getting caught like that.
Do you think that we should stop?
Is that what you want?
No.
Good morning. everybody.
Hope you had a good time last night.
and that everybody's had a
chance to sleep off your hangovers.
No judgment. Rory.
Olivia. can you print out my
schedule for the day please?
- …we'll talk it out today…
- thank you.
- …and I will get back to your office…
- hey.
…as soon as possible. but the
problem is… sir. the problem is…
Is Jordan running late?
He called in sick.
What's with everyone?
You don't know?
Know what?
Olivia. give us the room.
Thank you.
Am I missing something?
What is going on?
I have tried to be respectful
and give you your space to grieve.
but your personal life is
fucking with our business.
What are you talking about?
You're not on TikTok. are you?
- Is that a real question?
- Shit.
There was a video posted this morning.
It was of Robert's daughter. Cora.
She outright said that you and
Robert were sleeping together.
She didn't mention you by name.
but some Internet sleuths
figured it out. that it was you.
Well. that's absurd.
Well. that very well may be. but
I am getting calls left and right.
Legacy reached out. They're
thinking about pulling the profile.
Some of our program partners
- are worried that we're in trouble.
- Okay. I need to see the video.
- You have to show it to me. Zoe.
- Eleanor. I already told you what...
can somebody please
show me the video?
I have to see it. Can anyone please?
- Eleanor.
- Stop it!
I need to see the fucking video!
Please.
Thank you. Marcus.
Don't you hate it when your dead
mom's best friend fucks your dad?
It's just me?
Awesome.
Don't you hate it when your dead
mom's best friend fucks your dad?
Shit.
Do you know
that every time our name is
mentioned anywhere. I get an alert?
This is not a good time.
It is one thing to fantasize
about sleeping with Robert.
It's another thing to follow through with it.
get caught. and make fucking headlines.
Cora was upset. she didn't
know what she was seeing.
This is all just a gross misunderstanding.
Don't do that. Do not embarrass
yourself or insult me by lying.
Have you seen the news?
God. no. but whatever is being said.
it can be cleared up in
one simple statement.
Please do not blow this out of proportion.
Lawyers are calling. mom
is talking about flying in.
If this gets worse.
Eleanor. and trust me. it will.
Robert's family is gonna do everything
in their power to get the stink off him.
and that's gonna leave
you to take the fall.
I really hope the dick was worth it.
Stop it! Just stop. okay?
I don't have time for
your fiction. Donovan.
This is just simply a fire
that needs to be put out.
I knew this shit was gonna happen.
I mean. this motherfucker's got you out
here acting like a white girl. and you...
Hey. come on in. Sorry. ignore the mess.
I just got the girls off to school
and I'm in the middle of laundry
because Artie is wetting the bed.
She's been doing it off and
on for a couple of weeks now.
I mean. Howard cannot
stand it. and I thought…
Well. he wants to get
these plastic sheets.
just at least until she's older.
but I don't know. that just
feels so… what's wrong?
What?
What's going on? You're scaring me.
I slept with Robert when
we were in Ojai together.
and Cora saw us there.
Last night she came up to the house. and
this morning she posted a video about it.
It's online now. and there's
articles and questions
about whether or not Robert and
I were having some kind of affair.
and maybe even killed
Nancy because of it.
Mary. I haven't told you
this. but there's a letter.
Robert knew about the affair
with David. and they got into a fight.
He was upset. and Nancy
was scared. and I guess…
I don't know. but he
wrote her an apology letter.
And it looks very damning. but he said
he didn't do anything. he didn't hurt her.
I'm sorry.
I know that I should have
told you this. but I was just…
I was working through it
myself. and I thought that
- maybe if I told you. you wouldn't...
- he lied.
He pretended he didn't know
about the affair. about David.
He lied.
So we have to take
that letter to the police.
- We can't.
- What do you mean "we can't"?
It's evidence.
It's hard evidence. He killed Nancy.
- But he didn't.
- You don't know that.
- I do.
- Guilty people lie. Ellie.
I know this looks bad.
It looks bad? This is motive.
God. you could go to
jail. do you realize that?
We have lawyers and they can
clear all of this up. I have an alibi.
You slept with Robert.
God. I can't even believe
I'm saying those words. I…
I thought this obsession
with him was over.
It's not an obsession.
We care about each other.
But he didn't choose you. right?
He didn't choose you.
He chose me now.
Why are you being so fucking
self-righteous about this?
Your marriage started in an affair.
- This is not…
- what if he and I could have…
- …the same thing.
- …Something real?
I already love Cora. I
would do anything for her.
Shut up!
Do you even hear yourself right now?
Nothing that you and Robert have is real.
You have no idea what real is.
Real is the laundry on the
floor and dishes in the sink
and doctor's appointments. and cuts
and scrapes and sacrifices are real.
What is real is my husband is in Ohio at
this very moment. interviewing for a job.
Which means we could have to
move our entire lives. That is real.
What you have is a fucking fantasy
with another woman's husband.
Are you moving?
What does that matter?
What do you mean?
- You are my best...
- "best friend"?
- Yes.
- So was Nancy.
Ellie. you're fucking her husband.
He's using you.
- No.
- He is.
No. You're wrong.
Get out of my house.
Mary. please. You don't understand.
This is different. It's not
what you think it is. It's…
Get out of my house.
Mary?
Now!
- Ms. Bouchet.
- Yes.
This is turning into a real circus. isn't it?
It is.
- I tried to reach you.
- It's been a long morning.
- Can we go inside?
- This will only take a minute.
We got a call on our tip line from a
Jordan Thomas. He said he works for you.
He does.
He said he was with you the
night of Mrs. Hennessey's murder.
That you two had a sexual relationship.
That's more of an hr
violation. though. right?
That's not a crime.
Yeah. but there is a problem.
You see. his statement has you
arriving at his residence at 1:00 A.M.
Forensics placed Mrs. Hennessey's
time of death at around midnight.
No one can corroborate
Mr. Hennessey's whereabouts.
he's refusing to talk.
but he said he was home.
You said you were home.
Now there are these allegations that
you two were having a sexual relationship?
Are we just gonna stand out here
and talk about who I may
or may not be sleeping with?
Or are you gonna look
for Nancy's lover. David?
We've contacted every known
associate of Mrs. Hennessey.
and no one has ever heard of a David.
And if I recall. you were the
first one to mention a lover.
So. either you did that
to throw us off your scent.
or we should be looking for a
man using David as an alias.
Which one is it. Ms. Bouchet?
I don't think I should
be saying anything else
- until I have a lawyer present.
- That's fine.
At this point. I strongly
recommend you get one.
Ms. Bouchet.
Why am I not surprised?
- Tact was never your strong suit.
- Kit.
She shouldn't be here. You know that.
You have enough on your plate.
I apologize.
It's been like this for hours.
Where can we talk?
How's Cora?
She's angry. to put it mildly.
She's still refusing to
take down the video.
I should call her.
I wouldn't.
I can explain everything.
Just give it a few days.
She's staying with kit
now. until this quiets down.
Keep her away from those vultures.
How are you doing?
That's not why you came.
Kind of.
I haven't thought this through completely.
but what if we made a joint statement?
You know. we can deny the rumors
and obviously not say anything
that would be hurtful to Cora.
but we could get people
to think about the fact
that Nancy's killer is still out there and
that's who they should be thinking about.
I'm afraid it's too late for that.
Why?
Our attorneys can craft our joint
statement. and then that way we have time.
we don't have to go public
until we really feel ready.
What's going on?
My attorneys are advising me
to cut all communication with you.
And you plan to take that advice?
- If this is about your family...
- it's not.
Last night. we…
Was that… my god.
You made me feel like that was real.
Like. after all these
years. that we could…
You made me believe you.
I lost my wife.
That's what that was. That's all that was.
That's not fair. I was there.
- This… we have something.
- There's no "we."
I need my letter back.
Fuck you. and your fucking sobriety.
I can smell the whiskey on your breath.
I was with my mother at the
hospital the night my father died.
Her eyes were dry.
She said crying was self-indulgence.
That we women must be at
peace with loss and sorrow.
We must absorb all we can.
But how much more
was I supposed to take?
Hey.
I'm sorry.
"I'm sorry I scared you so badly."
Damn.
Every year on the
anniversary of dad's passing.
Robert used to plan a trip
for the two of us to go fishing.
I never had to remind him. he
would just show up. and we would go.
And we did this for. I don't
know. maybe ten years.
Long after anybody else
was still talking about dad.
And Nancy didn't mind.
I think. maybe. she even encouraged it…
Out of pity.
It was like she was letting me
borrow this tiny piece of her life
for just one day.
I have been in love with Robert
hennessey since I was 18 years old.
But I'm done.
That is done.
Do you think he did this?
I watched him lie to
Cora like it was nothing.
It was just so easy.
You know. so natural for him.
Okay. I think it's time that
you told me everything.
Every single thing that you
did the night Nancy died.
Dinner ended just after 9:00.
at which point I texted Jordan Thomas to
let him know that I would be coming over.
Mr. Thomas works
as my project manager.
We have had a casual sexual
relationship for the past six months.
"Had." past tense.
I got to Mr. Thomas's place
around 10:15. but I did not go in.
I got a text from Marcus Simpson.
Marcus is my best friend Mary
Simpson's son. and he was in some trouble.
He needed my help.
He owed some bookies a bit of money.
I went to pick him up.
I'm happy to get you that address.
After that. I went back
to Mr. Thomas's place.
and that was around 1:00 A.M.
Robert hennessey called me
about Nancy a few hours later.
The rest is on record with the police.
But Marcus Simpson is on probation.
So. he can't afford to get in trouble again.
You can use whatever part of my alibi you
want. but please. keep his name out of it.
If he was to get dragged into this.
it would absolutely destroy Mary.
That shouldn't be a problem.
We can keep his name confidential.
Okay.
So. what happens now?
You let us build your defense.
Our private investigator will get started
combing through the
details from the crime scene.
That way. we'll know
what the police know.
Saintly humanitarians don't
typically fuck their subordinates.
Yeah. you've been busy.
Proud of you.
Now you're just being cruel.
No. I'm serious.
You didn't run.
You let someone in.
So. I've been thinking
about your question.
Which one?
The worst thing I've ever done.
Had I had a few drinks?
You were very sober.
And while my list of
misdeeds is a little long. e. you…
You're better than most.
You're no Saint. and what
you did was unfortunate.
Make no mistake about it.
your friends get the best of you.
I can promise you. Nancy
knew how much you loved her.
Thank you for saying that.
- I'll call you from the airport.
- Okay.
I did tell Nancy how much she
meant to me. I told her often.
But love isn't what you
say. it's what you do.
And for Nancy that
night. I didn't do enough.
Thank god you're still here.
I thought you left.
I can't… I can't do it alone.
Will you come with me?
To help you end it with your lover?
- You can't be serious.
- It is…
It's not what you think.
It is so much worse.
I cannot do it alone.
You have dealt with much
more challenging situations.
You're going to be fine.
You'll figure it out. Thank you so much.
Call me tomorrow.
What are you doing?
Why are you being such a bitch to me?
I am not.
I have been listening to you talk
about this man forever. I'm done.
Mary would come with me.
- Then fucking call Mary.
- I need you.
You need to get your shit together.
You have an amazing marriage.
That's what this is about?
- Don't.
- Wow. Ellie.
That is pathetic.
You know what's pathetic?
Cheating on your husband and being
too chickenshit to be honest about it.
Get out of my fucking car.
- Please come with me.
- No.
- Get out of my car.
- Please come with me.
- Get out of my car!
I know who David is.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-